On one day, our beautiful,now dead og owner decided to create this beautiful server so we as normal humans with no powers can enjoy ourself and make friends for the first time because we are losers w no life 😩😩😩
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMLYRGvQY/
numerous people joined and everything went downhill from there. 
until…. one day… it happened…. someone joined but what we didn’t know was that they had malicious intent -gasp- , chevelles ex. He was back,,, back for blood and revenge….. Mother fucking Kane. The freaking freak who came and raided the whole server to ashes…
The worst part was that mei didnt give admins rights so we couldnt get the horrbble horrible horrible horrible horrible man to FUCKING LEAVE. we fought for hours UNTIL MOTHERFUCKER DIED
fuck kane fuck kane bitch penos balls choke
ANd then wehen piece fianlly hit, it was time romance. The shelf x kaktus sex in general happened and mother fucking chevelle got married w mother fuvking karma. And me  the best person ever aka P RT got married to emo because i hate emos and then we created the beaatiful mcgloberloloberjombober family . we got a house and a car and arlo was the familly dog and he slept outside cuz he gets no rights. Then our beautiful familly went on a car ride together.
the end
p rt harasses members
on one day prt was a bitch a bad bitch and  decided to fuck up peoples beurtiful pictures kiss love
venti's horny arc venti is a nasty little roach man and is the big gay and also HORNY!!!!1!11 	
ever since november motherfucker hasnt shut th fuck about xiao i understand that he is hot but my man venti is taking this too far and being a gay aass motherfucvker and it sometimes pisses my ass but we still accept his homo ass that we love bcuz he is a homo gay deez nuts
monty slime farting monty farted in slime bcuz they are gay
marcy wanted me to cholesterol on their balls but they are dumb bcuz they misspelled fucking CHOKE
mei dead rip
prt died and it was very sad and dramatic bcuz big booty bitches that got mad bcuz prt farted and had foot fungus and got choked to death with cocaine and after they died they became a hot and sexy demon uwu
pee art tee wive list:
-kitkat
-lilith
-monty simp
-bruno kinnie
-chevelle
-neo
-edgy kid
-i dont remember the others im sorry
taylor swift battle
some ford focus mf joined but never talked then randomly appeared in the bathroom and pissed or something and then they manifested in general
venti thought their teacher was reading smut but it was anne frank cuz he is a poopoo head idiot
at some point in like november/december edgy kid and prt had a fish phase and i still have a shit load of images of fish 
rod fart - determination 
ornage fart - bravery and death
yelow fart - justice and piss kinks
greem fart - nature/kindness and fart
blueb fart - patience and the big sad
ourple fart - perserverence and emo
kink fart - horny, cock and uwu girls
